today my video will be about mine
accessories keep them all in my
such a box there they are too
all distributed in boxes
and specifically the video will be then my earrings
chose the nicest most my favorite
of course there are still boxes left
very, very much if further
want to
I can make a video about my rings about
your suspension so let me know
if you want to see him
Well, and let's start her earrings that I
I want to show you the earrings in which
there is an element of black so
look
the following earrings that I want you
show bear yourself something golden and here
and
earrings that I want to show you
silver color and looks
party my earrings I call them because
with their earrings they are so funny pains
more multicolored most of them
Of course they were selected under this or that
swimsuit and looks
that's probably all I wanted for you
show today if you want
continue video want to see mine
rings or suspension there some give
I know how I already said and thank you
great for attention subscribe
Like for now bye